{  {;;} {*;;}  

  # SOX Compliance Analysis '96 New Microservice<br />
<br />
This document summarizes our initial analysis for building a new Spring Boot Java microservice with Cassandra DB and an '''Outbox pattern''' for external notifications.<br />
It highlights considerations for SOX compliance and lists open questions.<br />
<br />
—<br />
<br />
## Key Compliance Areas<br />
<br />
### 1. Access Control &amp; Authorization<br />
- Ensure '''only limited groups''' can update critical fields (e.g., <code>balance</code>, <code>openDate</code>, <code>cycleId</code>).<br />
- Restrict UI exposure to '''only necessary fields''', avoiding unnecessary critical data exposure.<br />
<br />
### 2. Data Integrity &amp; Validation<br />
- Strong validation rules to ensure input consistency and prevent unauthorized modifications.<br />
<br />
### 3. Audit Trail &amp; Immutable Logging<br />
- '''Retention:''' Logs must be immutable and retained for '''7 years'''.<br />
- '''Event Sourcing Pattern:'''<br />
- Enables replay of events to rebuild or correct child tables.<br />
- Provides stronger guarantees for auditability.<br />
<br />
### 4. SOX Compliance Monitoring<br />
- Monitoring strategy to be defined in later phases.<br />
<br />
### 5. Configuration &amp; Deployment<br />
- Deployment pipeline is mostly covered.<br />
- May need '''stricter approval processes''' for SOX-sensitive microservices.<br />
<br />
—<br />
<br />
## Open Questions<br />
<br />
1. '''WORM Storage''' '96 Is it required for audit compliance?<br />
2. '''Encryption''' '96 Should we enforce encryption '''at rest and in transit'''?<br />
3. '''Data Tampering''' '96 If REST APIs are intranet-only, do we still need to mitigate this risk?<br />
4. '''Cassandra Schema Flexibility''' '96 Can schema changes be allowed to resolve issues (e.g., querying by <code>openDate</code> and <code>cycleId</code> without Solr dependency)?<br />
5. '''Event Sourcing vs. Digital History Table''' '96 Should we replace manual digital account history with event sourcing?<br />
6. '''CQRS Adoption''' '96 Would separating read/write models improve compliance and performance?<br />
7. '''Multi-Table Updates''' '96 How do we enforce the rule of '''no multiple table updates in a single API call'''?<br />
8. '''Outbox &amp; Solr Handling''' '96 How do we ensure '''SOX compliance for outbox data''' and the '''Solr processor'''?<br />
<br />
—<br />
<br />
## Next Steps<br />
- Validate whether WORM and encryption are '''mandatory requirements'''.<br />
- Evaluate '''event sourcing + CQRS''' as potential architectural choices.<br />
- Define governance for '''schema evolution''' in Cassandra.<br />
- Assess compliance implications of the '''outbox + Solr pipeline'''.<br />
}
